okay and so what we're looking at is the
Taliban lead change and we're just going
to do it in a straight line so we're
going from warm Telemark to the other in
a straight line and the reason we do
this is so it can get our balance right
and we can get our posture right I'm
working on a lot of different elements
the Telemark elite changes one thing
that we actually work with upper end
Telemark is as well as beginners because
it will sort people's problems out in
theory will identify a lot of different
issues so what we're looking for mainly
on the Telemark elite changes is for
nice and smooth up and down movement and
we're looking for equal weight pressure
on both skis
awesome so that's how I kind of demo of
what we should be trying to achieve come
on false actually happen and people do
is they'll have a wobble especially on
the rear ski which tends to indicate
that there's not enough weight pressure
on it so we're looking for equal weight
and pressure on both skis they get a bit
of a wobble on the back foot just need
to apply a bit more pressure as a ski
goes backwards okay
you
another common problem to get people
step in or sequential and so instead of
doing a smooth movement they're actually
just stepping
you
they're coming from other people those
staff to do also just grouch amounts max
walking which is just forward back
without moving body up and in
you